# *Images, colors, and Texts*
 ## *Images*
 these are some points you should know before addind images to your website:
 - it is good practice to store tour images in a seperated file.
 - < figure >: used to add image with its caption.
 - When you add image, use < img >, it will give you three attributes:
   - src: to put the source of the photo
   - alt: to put brief explenation about the photo
   - title: to add adiional information about the photo

> How to control position & size:
- height: to control height.
-  width: to control width.
-  align: to align it to right or left, the text will be on the other side.
- align: to top, middle, bottom; will align the first line of the text to top, middle, or bottom.
 
 You should be aware to how you increse or decrese image size, DON'T expand it size too much that will make it poor quality. When cropping images don't add extra spaces, don't crop main parts, be sure to have the full image.

## *Colors*
***To determine a color in CSS there are three basic ways***:
-	RGB values; which refer to Red, Green, Blue colors.
-	Hex codes; depend on hexadecimal codes 
-	Color names; they are more than 100 colors.

# ***Color properties***:
-	HUE: general idea about the color.
-	Saturation: The amount of grey in a color.
-	Brightness: How much black in the color.
-	Lightness: The amount of white (lightness) or black (darkness) in acolor.
-	Opacity: determined the opacity of the element as a number between 0 & 1.
-	hsl, hsla : properties of color that introduced in CSS3, alternative way to specify colors. 
-	Alpha: expressed as a number between 0 and 1, represent the transparency. 
-	ph scale: every color  represent  a  level of acidity or alkalinity, and these are specified using RGB values.

## *Texts*
- There are many ways to style our websites, by contorlling font-amily,the size, the weight, and the spacing. you should know that the choices of font style is limited. 

- The text can be aligned to right, left, center or justified.

