### *local storage*
- local storage is a space or area that the client can get benefit from web. you can embed your own database, invent your own file format and so on.
`What is HTML`?
- it’s a way for web pages to store named key/value pairs locally, within the client web browser. Like cookies, this data persists even after you navigate away from the web site, close your browser tab, exit your browser.
The named key is a string. The data can be any type supported by JavaScript, including strings, Booleans, integers, or floats. However, the data is actually stored as a string. If you are storing and retrieving anything other than strings, you will need to use functions like parseInt() or parseFloat() to coerce your retrieved data into the expected JavaScript datatype.
- If you want to keep track programmatically of when the storage area changes, you can trap the storage event. `addEventListener`.
- The storage event is not cancelable. From within the handle_storage callback function, there is no way to stop the change from occurring. It’s simply a way for the browser to tell you, “hey, this just happened. There’s nothing you can do about it now; I just wanted to let you know.”
- “5 megabytes” is how much storage space each origin gets by default.
- If your browser supports HTML5 Storage, the demonstration page should magically remember your exact position within the site you enter, and even whether a particular piece is selected.
- Data is stored as strings. If you are storing something other than a string, you’ll need to coerce it yourself when you retrieve it.